A homogeneous mass of rock, not layered and without an obvious crystal structure. star massive
A fold or wrinkle. star pucker&To undo or open a lock or something locked by, for example, turning a key, or selecting a combination. star unlocked
One who does something habitually, such as a serial criminal offender. star habitual&A large number of insects, especially when in motion or for bees migrating to a new colony. star swarm
The process of becoming different. star change&The absolute or relative size, extent or importance of something. star magnitude
An individual trained to medically stabilize people through various interventions, victims of trauma or medical events outside of a hospital setting and preparing them for transport to a medical facility. star paramedic&A lazy person. star lazy
Great anger. star wrath&Tenacious, energetic, spunky. star feisty
To pass laws including the amending or repeal of existing laws. star legislate&To trust, have faith in. star confiding
In a state of tremulous anticipation or confusion. star aflutter&To make stiff. star stiffen
in the plural The resins of the tree Aquilaria malaccensis syn. Aquilaria agallocha, known for their fragrant aroma, produced after infection by the fungus Phialophora parasitica. star aloe&The act of one who chases another; a pursuit. star chase
Of or pertaining to cats. star feline&A stoneware or earthenware jar or storage container. star crock
Having six component parts. star sixfold&A place where things join, a junction. star juncture
Unaware or uninformed; oblivious star unwitting&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star frugally
To undo the wiring of. star unwired&One of a pair of elongated pointed teeth that extend outside the mouth of an animal such as walrus, elephant or wild boar. star tusk
The act of retrieving or something retrieved star retrieval&To chop or cut down in a rough manner. star hacked
Feeling or showing no shame, embarrassment or remorse star unashamed&An edible plant, Lactuca sativa and its close relatives, having a head of green and/or purple leaves. star lettuce
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star dropbox&A condition; a set of circumstances applying at any given time. star state
A person or a company that vends or sells. star vendor&An act of going out or going away, or leaving; a departure. star exit
Ostentatious display of richness or style. star bling&A soldier who marches and fights on foot; a foot soldier. star footman
Recognition of the distinction between good and evil or between right and wrong; respect for and obedience to the rules of right conduct; the mental disposition or characteristic of behaving in a manner intended to produce morally good results. star morality&The act of lurking. star lurk
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star haggler&The edge, margin, or border of a steep place, as of a precipice; a bank or edge. star brink
A primitive trombone having wide tubes. star bazooka&The time of daylight; the time between sunrise and sunset. star daytime
Relating to particles that are constituents of the atom, or are smaller than an atom; such as proton, neutron, electron, etc. star subatomic&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star waviness
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star sloppily&To multiply by two. star doubling
A basket made of rushes, used chiefly to hold figs and raisins. star frail&To thoroughly confuse, befuddle, or bewilder. star mystify
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star riveter&To move: star gone
A person’s condition, position or standing relative to that of others. star status&An act of surrendering, submission into the possession of another; abandonment, resignation. star surrender
To deprive of the ability to procreate. star sterilize&A detachable lock that can be used to secure something by means of a sliding or hinged shackle star padlock
To attract and delight, to charm. star enchanted&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star semisoft
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star unifier&To set back to the initial state. star reset
A machine that tears up objects into smaller pieces, especially a paper shredder or garbage shredder. star shredder&To drive too hard, or far, or beyond strength. star overdrive
In a joking manner. star jokingly&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star sternness
Anything that points or is used for pointing. star pointer&A person who fishes with a hook and line. star angler
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star domelike&To undo the wiring of. star unwired
The backwards flow of any fluid. star reflux&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star barterer
A dense, but generally small, growth of shrubs, bushes or small trees; a copse. star thicket&Someone who watches over something; a person in charge of something or someone. star monitor
Feeling honoured by something; feeling happy or satisfied about an event or fact; gratified. star proud&A female landlord. star landlady
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star fineness&A brace, band, or clasp for strengthening or holding things together. star clamp
To surround a territory or other geographical entity. star bounding&Any of various evergreen trees from the family Palmae or Arecaceae, which are mainly found in the tropics. star palm
To render larger, more extended, or more intense. star amplify&A woody plant distinguished from a tree by its multiple stems and lower height, being usually less than six metres tall; a horticultural rather than strictly botanical category. star bush
To break or disregard a rule or convention. star violate&A scene that is filmed again, or a picture that is photographed again star retake
To establish or apply by authority. star impose&A particularly difficult question or puzzle. star poser
To travel by railway. star railing&To negatively criticize. star harsh
To split or separate something into two or more parts. star dividing&To comport oneself; to behave. star deport
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star crewless&To move: star gone
A translucent gemstone, an orthoclase feldspar, that has a pearly lustre. star moonstone&Belonging to, or proceeding from, angels; resembling, characteristic of, or partaking of the nature of, an angel. star angelic
Full of zeal; ardent, fervent; exhibiting enthusiasm or strong passion. star zealous&An individual who has anemia. star anemic
A person from a country that is or was controlled by another. star colonial&To nail with a tack small nail with a flat head. star tacking
Tending to hesitate, wait, or proceed with caution or reservation. star hesitant&To dull or reduce an emotion or a physical state. star obtuse
To move on skis star skiing&A planting of shrubs; a wide border to a garden where shrubs are thickly planted; or a similar larger area with a path winding through it. star shrubbery
The involuntary repetition of a sound in speech. star stammer&To put in or as if in prison; confine. star imprison
To imply but stop short of saying explicitly. star suggest&A sudden backward motion. star backlash
One who enforces confinement in a jail or prison. star jailer&A surface shine or luster/lustre star gloss
A prepared channel in a surface, especially at the side of a road adjacent to a curb, intended for the drainage of water. star gutter&Pertaining to, having, or affecting the lungs. star pulmonary
A person’s own handwriting, especially the signature of a famous or admired person. star autograph&To set apart for a deity or for religious purposes; consecrate. star dedicate
The property of being short, of being small of stature or brief. star shortness&To comfort someone in a time of grief, disappointment, etc. star consoling
To remove or clear a block or obstruction from. star unblock&The act or process of equating two or more things, or the state of those things being equal that is, identical. star equation
An opossum, a marsupial of the family Didelphidae of the Americas. star possum&To scatter in different directions star dispersed
The sea; ocean; water; flood. star brim&A card used to aid rote memorization. One side of the card contains data of one kind, or a question, and the other side contains the associated response which one wants to memorize. For example, one side could contain an English word, and the other side the Spanish translation. star flashcard
A protective head covering, usually part of armour. star helmet&One who scores. star scorer
Size, specifically, volume. star bulk&Concealment; the condition of being secret or hidden. star secrecy
The action of defending or protecting from attack, danger, or injury. star defense&general A sport played on foot in which teams attempt to get a ball into a goal or zone defended by the other team. star football
To cause to become distended. star bloated&To form curds so that it no longer flows smoothly; to cause to form such curds. usually said of milk star curdle
Adept at taking or grasping star nimble&To publicly disgrace, especially of a recreant knight. star baffling
A person who is able or fit to be elected to office. star electable&A foster parent. star foster
Something or somebody considered likely. star likely&A list of recorded songs scheduled to be played on a radio station. star playlist
To give utterance or expression to; to utter; to publish; to announce star voicing&To carve text or symbols into something, usually for the purposes of identification or art. star engraved
To damage or vandalize something, especially a surface, in a visible or conspicuous manner. star defacing&To demand and enforce the payment or performance of, sometimes in a forcible or imperious way. star exact
To use the foot to kick usually a ball. star footing&A large room, especially one used to receive and entertain guests. star salon
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star coeditor&A royal person; a member of a royal family. star royal
A diesel-powered, four-wheel drive tactical military vehicle that can carry a wide variety of military hardware star humvee&of hair Uncombed; dishevelled. star unkempt
The light of the moon; moonlight. star moonshine&To become less severe or intense; to become less hard, harsh, or cruel; to soften in temper star relenting
Something saturated, especially a saturated fat. star saturate&The quality of being vast. star vastness
A piece of clothing worn on the upper body outside a shirt or blouse, often waist length to thigh length. star jacket&The structural elements of a building or other constructed object. star frame
A hard external covering of an animal. star shell&Having a feeling arising from a consciousness of well-being or of enjoyment; enjoying good of any kind, such as comfort, peace, or tranquillity; blissful, contented, joyous. star happier
To appear as a featured performer or headliner, especially in an entertainment program. star starring&To change the size of something whilst maintaining proportion; especially to change a process in order to produce much larger amounts of the final product. star scaling
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star roamer&To plan and carry out a picture, work of art, construction etc.. star designing
To lift, raise up. star enhance&Not likable star unlikable
Not prudent; wanting in prudence or discretion; indiscreet; injudicious; not attentive to consequence; improper. star imprudent&A beverage based on milk, eggs, sugar, and nutmeg; often made alcoholic with rum, brandy or whisky; popular at Christmas. star eggnog
In an acute manner star acutely&Negative effects, such as headache or nausea, caused by previous drunkenness due to excessive consumption of alcohol. star hangover
To fall over or stumble over an object as a result of striking it with one's foot star tripping&The position from which something is observed or considered; an angle, outlook or point of view. star viewpoint
A person who has epilepsy. star epileptic&A vessel for boiling a liquid or cooking food, usually metal and equipped with a lid. star kettle
Any of several Athabascan-speaking peoples of the American southwest excluding Navajo, i.e. Chiricahua, Jicarilla, Lipan, Mescalero, Plains Apache, or Western Apache. star apache&To make shorter; to abbreviate. star shorten
To wound seriously; to cause permanent loss of function of a limb or part of the body. star maimed&A saw small enough to be used by one hand. star handsaw
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star daringly&A coarse mat at the entrance to a house, upon which one wipes one's shoes. star doormat
A spread, manufactured from a blend of vegetable oils some of which are hydrogenated, emulsifiers etc, mostly used as a substitute for butter. star margarine&focus Of a primary or central nature, first and foremost star primarily
Relating to or being the second of two items. star latter&In a strange or coincidental manner. star strangely
A person or thing in the twentieth position. star twentieth&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star coziness
Silly, quirky star goofy&The act of washing something again star rewash
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star islamic&A product sold under a generic name. star generic
An artificial waterway or artificially improved river used for travel, shipping, or irrigation. star canal&Pomp, show, or festivity. star gala
A distressing or dangerous situation. star trouble&To restrict one’s personal consumption, generally of food, but sometimes other things, in various manners totally, temporally, by avoiding particular items, often for religious or medical reasons. star fasting
Proponent of stoicism, a school of thought, from in 300 B.C.E. up to about the time of Marcus Aurelius, who holds that by cultivating an understanding of the logos, or natural law, one can be free of suffering. star stoic&A form of entertainment popular in clubs, at parties, etc, in which individual members of the public sing along to pre-recorded instrumental versions of popular songs, the lyrics of which are displayed for the singer on a screen in time with the music. star karaoke
To discard the knowledge of. star unlearned&To take one thing from another; remove from; make smaller by some amount. star deduct
To unlock by undoing the bolts of. star unbolted&Without grace. star graceless
A human or animal infected with rabies. star rabid&A type of distilled alcoholic beverage, often with a herbal or fruit flavoring, typically drunk neat as apéritif or digestif. star schnapps
A biological organ of vertebrates that controls breathing and oxygenates the blood. star lung&Relation or connection by blood, marriage or adoption star kinship
Something that corrects or counteracts. star remedy&In a rich manner; full of flavor or expression. star richly
The punctuation mark ;. star semicolon&The act of or an instance of changing the play at the line of scrimmage by yelling out a new one. star audible
Something saturated, especially a saturated fat. star saturate&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star prelaw
construed with at To look fixedly at something. star staring&Panthera tigris, a large predatory mammal of the cat family, indigenous to Asia. star tiger
In a wild, uncontrolled manner. star wildly&The time or hour at or around which lunch is normally eaten. star lunchtime
An animal having a lighter-coloured coat than is usual. star dilute&The act of revoking in a game of cards. star revoke
Lively and animated; full of life and energy. star vivacious&Not yet tried or tested; unknown. star untried
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star mushily&A wise person or spiritual teacher; someone of gravity and wisdom, especially, a teacher venerable for years, and of sound judgment and prudence; a grave or stoic philosopher. star sage
Not elected star unelected&The operation of destroying older data by recording new data over it. star overwrite
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star heftiness&A bitter, destructive feud, normally between two families, clans or factions, in which each injury or slaying is revenged: a blood feud. star vendetta
Any garment worn over another. star overdress&Paid for in advance star prepaid
An individual who provides labor to a company or another person. star employee&One who swings. star swinger
The main tower of a castle or fortress, located within the castle walls. star keep&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star bunkmate
To remove tangles or knots from. star untangled&An aircraft pilot. The use of the word may imply claims of superior airmanship, as in navy aviator vs. air force pilot. star aviator
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star footless&Payment, such as property or money, paid by the bride's family to the groom or his family at the time of marriage. star dowry
Change the appearance of something/someone to the negative. star disfigure&To make something more precious or valuable. star endeared
One who is stooped or hunched over. star hunchback&Tending toward excessive moralization. star preachy
A piece of knowledge that is hidden and intended to be kept hidden. star secret&Substance, material. star matter
A collimated stream, spurt or flow of liquid or gas from a pressurized container, an engine, etc. star jet&The amount that a hand will grasp or contain. star handful
The numeric symbol that represents the cardinal number zero. star zero&A thick cloud that forms near the ground; the obscurity of such a cloud. star fog
Tall and thin, especially so as to cause physical awkwardness. star gangly&To step or walk on or over something; to trample. star treading
The light from the Sun, as opposed to that from any other source. star daylight&modifying a clause or predicate Perhaps; indicates that the proposition may be true is not certainly false regardless of any facts or circumstances known to, stated by or implied by the speaker. star possibly
A place at which one is regularly found; a habitation or hangout. star haunt&One who or that which dazzles; something spectacular. star dazzler
In a gainful manner; profitably. star gainfully&The part of something that has spoiled. star spoilage
A house or place in which a person lives; a habitation, a home. star dwelling&A helmet, usually made from rigid plastic, used on construction sites to protect the head from falling objects. star hardhat
The act of thinking again about something. star rethink&Trouble; misery; a feeling of disquiet or concern. star unease
A glacial period colloquially known as an ice age. star glacial&To create a clone of. star cloning
A mechanical device consisting of a handgrip mounted on a base or pedestal and typically having one or more buttons, used to control an aircraft, computer or other equipment. star joystick&A secular ecclesiastic, or one not bound by monastic rules. star secular
A person who engages in very risky behavior, especially one who is motivated by a craving for excitement or attention. star daredevil&A part of any of several scientific instruments that moves back and forth to indicate a position star cursor
The act of supplying again. star resupply&In the International System of Units, the derived unit of frequency; one period or cycle of any periodic event per second. Symbol: Hz star hertz
To cause to become numb physically or emotionally. star numbing&A composition a type of chamber music in five parts typically each a singer or instrumentalist, sometimes several musicians star quintet
An act or instance of deflating. star deflation&A broad, flat, wooden bar, a slat, especially as used to secure a door, window, etc. star slot
A product of decoding star decode&Wanton or unrestrained behavior; uproar; tumult. star riot
A second trial, by the original court, if the original trial was found to be improper or unfair star retrial&Eager or inordinate desire for some object that confers distinction, as preferment, honor, superiority, political power, or literary fame; desire to distinguish one's self from other people. star ambition
An expert of law or someone who researches jurisprudence. star jurist&To clear of an accusation, suspicion or criticism. star vindicate
To grow ripe; to become mature said of grain, fruit, flowers etc. star ripening&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star recharger
applied mathematics A data chart graphical representation of data intended to illustrate the relationship between a set or sets of numbers quantities, measurements or indicative numbers and a reference set, whose elements are indexed to those of the former sets and may or may not be numbers. star graph&In an angry manner; under the influence of anger. star angrily
A kind of protective charm or ornament, often bearing magical symbols, worn for protection against ill will, negative influences or evil spirits. star amulet&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star waviness
In a vivid manner. star vividly&Endurable, survivable, suitable for living in, inhabitable. star livable
The charge for posting an item. star postage&Production; quantity produced, created, or completed. star output
Solids separated from suspension in a liquid. star sludge&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star pureness
A feeling of pity or sorrow for the suffering or distress of another; compassion. star sympathy&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star everglade
One who deals in goods, especially automobiles; a middleman. star dealer&The branch of mathematics dealing with spatial relationships. star geometry
To receive pleasure or satisfaction from something star enjoying&In bookkeeping, an entry in the left hand column of an account. star debit
Not providing help or assistance; not helpful. star unhelpful&An undertaker or funeral director. star mortician
For some time; for a short time. star awhile&A person who produces or presents shows as a profession, especially the proprietor, manager, or MC of a circus or variety show. star showman
A large organ in the body that stores and metabolizes nutrients, destroys toxins and produces bile. It is responsible for thousands of biochemical reactions. star liver&To cause something to have the streaked or swirled appearance of certain types of marble, for example by mixing viscous ingredients incompletely, or by applying paint or other colorants unevenly. star marbled
To emit light. star shone&The hymn portions of the Vedas; any passage of these used as a prayer. star mantra
A garment to keep the ears warm. star earmuff&A sloped side of a river acting as a barrier between the water and level ground to either side. star riverbank
The state of being banished from one's home or country. star exile&A close or tight fit. star squeeze
A collection of literary works, such as poems or short stories, especially a collection from various authors. star anthology&The cutlery, crockery and glassware used in setting a table for a meal. star tableware
A red compound deposited during wine making; mostly potassium hydrogen tartrate - a source of cream of tartar. star tartar&Payment, such as property or money, paid by the bride's family to the groom or his family at the time of marriage. star dowry
A little box, e.g. for jewellery. star casket&One who reforms, or who works for reform. star reformer
Uncommon, rare; difficult to find; insufficient to meet a demand. star scarce&Afflicted with mange. star mangy
An act of stamping the foot, paw or hoof. star stamp&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star catchable
Constructions made of stone. star stonework&Brightness from a source of light. star shine
The quality or state of being still star stillness&To set up or arrange something in such a way that it is ready for operation for a particular purpose, or to someone's particular liking star configure
A stranger; an alien. star alienate&Someone who watches over something; a person in charge of something or someone. star monitor
In a manner that is pleasing to hear, as singing or speaking; in a lyrical manner. star lyrically&A fatty layer of adipose tissue found immediately beneath the epidermis. star blubber
authorship Electronic book, a book published in electronic form. star ebook&To put a saddle on an animal. star saddling
A long, thin and flexible form of material, generally with a round cross-section, used in sewing, weaving or in the construction of string. star thread&Stained or covered with grime. star grimy
To oversee or direct a task or organization. star supervise&The capacity to live and develop. star vitality
An excessive stock; a surplus or glut. star overstock&A small, usually yellow, finch genus Serinus, a songbird native to the Canary Islands. star canary
A short speech, spoken directly at the audience at the end of a play star epilogue&physical Matter, material. star masses
To think, meditate or reflect on a subject; to consider, to deliberate or cogitate. star speculate&A 42.195 kilometre 26 mile 385 yard road race. star marathon
Any of several plants that flower in May - especially the hawthorn in Britain and the trailing arbutus in the US. star mayflower&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star siberian
The act of lurking. star lurk&To give off light from heat or to emit light as if heated. star glowing
The act of one who labors; toil; work done. star laboring&A brake in a vehicle, set by hand, and usually locking on until released by hand, enabling its use when parked. star handbrake
The melting of ice, snow, or other congealed matter; the resolution of ice, or the like, into the state of a fluid; liquefaction by heat of anything congealed by frost star thaw&Any plant of the family Poaceae, characterized by leaves that arise from nodes in the stem and leaf bases that wrap around the stem, especially those grown as ground cover rather than for grain. star grass
A small, controlled fire set in the path of a larger uncontrolled fire, in order to limit the spread of the large fire by removing its fuel. star backfire&To tell again, often differently, what one has read or heard; to paraphrase. star retold
To expel one or more people from their property; to force one or more people to move out. star evict&A vessel for boiling a liquid or cooking food, usually metal and equipped with a lid. star kettle
To make joyful or proud. star elated&Any building used by a club for meetings or social activities. star clubhouse
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star rocklike&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star spender
A person directly involved in a creative marketing process. star creative&A dense and disorderly crowd. star huddle
A regularly-shaped slab of clay or other material, affixed to cover or decorate a surface, as in a roof-tile, glazed tile, stove tile, carpet tile etc. star tile&To make something flat or flatter. star flatten
The state of being insusceptible to something; notably: star immunity&Ambergris, the waxy product of the sperm whale. star amber
A strip of paper coated with a sticky, often poisonous, substance that catches and kills flies that land on it star flypaper&To direct or divert along a particular course. star routing
A great amount or number, often of people; abundance, myriad, profusion. star multitude&Expressing praise and approval, expressing approbation. star congrats
Telling the truth or giving a true result; exact; not defective or faulty star accurate&Of, from, or pertaining to Antarctica and the south polar regions. star antarctic
A set of things next to each other in a set order; a series star sequence&A hard gelatin made by boiling bones and hides, used in solution as an adhesive; or any sticky adhesive substance. star glue
To set a high value on; to regard with respect or reverence. star esteemed&An object, usually made of glass, that focuses or defocuses the light that passes through it. star lens
A coffee drink with chocolate syrup added, or a serving thereof; a caffè mocha. star mocha&Rest; sleep. star repose
To fill by packing or crowding something into; to cram with something; to load to excess. star stuffed&To exchange substantially; to abate but not abolish completely, a penalty, obligation, or payment in return for a great, single thing or an aggregate; to cash in; to lessen star commuting
Any solid object rounded at one end and tapering on the other, possibly attached to a larger object at the tapered end. star bulb&Each of the two triangular pieces of cloth on the front of a jacket or coat that are folded back below the throat, leaving a triangular opening between. star lapel
To act in an exaggerated manner. star overact&The outer layer of an internal organ or body structure, such as the kidney or the brain. star cortex
To assure anew; to restore confidence to; to free from fear or self-doubt. star reassure&A squarish, heavy knife used by butchers for hacking through bones, etc. star cleaver
To give utterance or expression to; to utter; to publish; to announce star voicing&An athlete who performs acts requiring skill, agility and coordination. star acrobat
Of or relating to the Goths or their language. star gothic&Relating to the flow of fluids, such as blood, lymph, or sap, through the body of an animal or plant, or to the vessels that carry such fluids star vascular
A craftsperson who works metal into desired forms using a hammer and other tools, sometimes heating the metal to make it more workable, especially a blacksmith. star smith&A course of action to be followed regularly; a standard procedure. star routine
A musical art form rooted in West African cultural and musical expression and in the African American blues tradition, with diverse influences over time, commonly characterized by blue notes, syncopation, swing, call and response, polyrhythms and improvisation. star jazz&In a favorable manner. star favorably
To have a nap; to sleep for a short period of time, especially during the day. star napping&To consume, exhaust some resource star expend
Coated or encrusted with sugar star candied&Someone who protects or guards, by assignment or on their own initiative. star protector
A young tree, but bigger than a seedling. star sapling&A person who acts with valor, showing hero-like characteristics in the midst of danger. star valiant
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star jaybird&Full of pride; haughty, arrogant. star prideful
To cause sorrow or distress to. star grieving&To narrow, especially by application of pressure. star constrict
Finely ground or pulverized tobacco intended for use by being sniffed or snorted into the nose. star snuff&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star venus
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star egotistic&To bend deeply at the knees while resting on one's feet. star squatted
A type, species, or strain of bacterium. star bacteria&A customer, a buyer or receiver of goods or services. star client
The space, often unfinished and with sloped walls, directly below the roof in the uppermost part of a house or other building, generally used for storage or habitation. star attic&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star hatless
singular or plural A card game played in various different variations. star tarot&A spontaneous and fanciful series of thoughts while awake not connected to immediate reality. star daydream
An excessive stock; a surplus or glut. star overstock&A theoretical line physically or mentally followed from a point of origin or towards a destination. May be relative e.g. up, left, outbound, dorsal, geographical e.g. north, rotational e.g. clockwise, or with respect to an object or location e.g. toward Boston. star direction
To remove a saddle. star unsaddle&To make a low, heavy, continuous sound. star rumbling
Any mechanism or operation that unwinds something. star unwind&An SI subunit of length equal to 10-9 metres. Symbol: nm star nanometer
A decorated cloth hung at the back of a stage. star backdrop&To shield from light. star shading
The part of a boot that is above the instep. star bootleg&A megaphone which electronically amplifies a person’s natural voice. star bullhorn
A holster for a sword; a scabbard. star sheath&A woven fabric such as used in dressing, decorating, cleaning or other practical use. star clothes
The scientific study of plants, a branch of biology. Typically those disciplines that involve the whole plant. star botany&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star drainable
To take away the leaden seals from the bales of transit goods. star unleaded&Something that is variable. star variable
To raise or rise. star lifting&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star nintendo
To restore a friendly relationship; to bring back to harmony. star reconcile&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star worrier
An other, another person, etc, more often rendered as another. star other&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star siamese
To sink or fall to the bottom; to settle, as lees. star subside&Any freshwater or marine fish of the order Anguilliformes, which are elongated and resemble snakes. star eel
To make worse; to impair. star worsening&To cause to become distended. star bloated
Any solid substance that can be consumed by living organisms, especially by eating, in order to sustain life. star food&Having nerve; bold; brazen. star nervy
An act of stamping the foot, paw or hoof. star stamp&A man very concerned about his clothes and his appearance. star dandy
The crime of betraying one’s own country. star treason&The act of rewinding. star rewind
A cheerful attitude; happiness; a good, happy, or positive mood. star cheer&A single celled organism with cell walls but no nucleus or organelles. star bacterium
Ancient times; faraway history; former ages star antiquity&Someone who wants to escape; especially from reality star escapist
A gentle bend, such as in a road. star curve&A form of sexual bonding involving a permanent pair bond between two beings. star monogamy
predicative That is on foot, in motion, in action, in progress. star afoot&The guinea fowl family Numididae. star turkey
The time of daylight; the time between sunrise and sunset. star daytime&The living room of a house, or a room for entertaining guests; a room for talking; a sitting-room or drawing room star parlor
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star shakily&To dig underneath something, to make a passage for destructive or military purposes; to sap. star undermine
To unlock by undoing the bolts of. star unbolted&A small, controlled fire set in the path of a larger uncontrolled fire, in order to limit the spread of the large fire by removing its fuel. star backfire
A long, narrow strip of timber bent and bolted longitudinally to the ribs of a vessel, to hold them in position and give rigidity to the framework. star ribbon&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star sturdily
A collection of ordered steps that solve a mathematical problem. A precise step-by-step plan for a computational procedure that possibly begins with an input value and yields an output value in a finite number of steps. star algorithm&A means of escape. star getaway
The thing, item, etc. being indicated. star these&A person or thing that crunches. star cruncher
The solid remains of a fire. star ashes&A state of being away or withdrawn from a place or from companionship; the period of being away. star absence
To remove the scalp part of the head from where the hair grows, by brutal act or accident. star scalping&An automatic response to a simple stimulus which does not require mental processing. star reflex
To draw out; to extend, especially in duration. star protract&The sea; ocean; water; flood. star brim
A protective head covering, usually part of armour. star helmet&A widely diffused vegetable substance found especially in seeds, bulbs, and tubers, and extracted as from potatoes, corn, rice, etc. as a white, glistening, granular or powdery substance, without taste or smell, and giving a very peculiar creaking sound when rubbed between the fingers. It is used as a food, in the production of commercial grape sugar, for stiffening linen in laundries, in making paste, etc. star starch
followed by the preposition "of" Lacking something; devoid star destitute&Lack of trust or confidence. star distrust
A piece of cloth, usually square and often fine and elegant, carried for wiping the face, eyes, nose or hands. star hanky&To move something with quick light sweeping motions. star whisking
A large snowstorm accompanied by strong winds and greatly reduced visibility caused by blowing snow. star blizzard&A tomato-vinegar-based sauce, sometimes containing spices, onion or garlic, and especially in the US sweeteners. star catsup
A line placed underneath a piece of text in order to provide emphasis or to indicate that it should be viewed in italics or in electronic documents that it acts as a hyperlink. star underline&The quality of being tidy. star tidiness
of light To change direction as a result of entering a different medium star refract&A spring of fresh water, surrounded by a fertile region of vegetation, in a desert. star oasis
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star oozy&A woodwind musical instrument that has a distinctive liquid tone whose characteristics vary among its three registers: chalumeau low, clarion medium, and altissimo high. star clarinet
The substance inside bones which produces blood cells. star marrow&The act of stealing property. star theft
A fast foxtrot noted for its complex and intricate footwork. star quickstep&A shift scheduled work period that takes place early in the day. star early
Having stars visible. star starry&To supply with light. star enlighten
One of a family of dishes originating from South Asian cuisine, flavoured by a spiced sauce. star curry&An irrational, abnormal, or obsessive fear of something. star phobia
A woman in the context of her own wedding; one who is going to marry or has just been married. star bride&A wedding ceremony. star nuptials
Extreme shortage of food in a region. star famine&Silicon dioxide. star silica
A portable building used for temporary purposes, particularly: star portable&Any flammable substance. star flammable
A female hunter. star huntress&Characteristic of a symphony star symphonic
The sale of goods directly to the consumer, encompassing the storefronts, mail-order, websites, etc., and the corporate mechanisms, branding, advertising, etc. that support them. star retail&A Japanese martial art and sport adapted from jujutsu. star judo
To cause to lean back; to bend back. star reclining&Of clothing, very loose-fitting, so as to hang away from the body. star baggy
A shoplifter. star shoplift&Pertaining to culture. star cultural
A house or shelter for a dog. star kennel&A jet or current of water or vapour directed upon some part of the body to benefit it medicinally; in particular, such a jet directed at the vagina for vaginal irrigation. star douche
A tropical plant. star tropical&The replaying of something previously recorded, especially sound or moving images. star playback
Not stuffed. star unstuffed&Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star accustom
The state of being certain. star certainty&An injury, such as a cut, stab, or tear, to a usually external part of the body. star wound
Any salt of sulfurous acid. star sulfite&A synthetic, solid, hydrocarbon-based polymer, whether thermoplastic or thermosetting. star plastic
Sorry pal, we couldn't find definitions for the word you were looking for. star cubical&To lure; to attract by arousing desire or hope. star enticing
A trench; a long, shallow indentation, as for irrigation or drainage. star ditch&To compliment someone, often insincerely and sometimes to win favour. star flattered
A person who breeds plants or animals professionally. star breeder